Add simple scope configuration to Tracer, Meter, Logger (#3877)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/sdk.md

throwing an exception, its `name` SHOULD keep the original invalid value, and a
message reporting that the specified value is invalid SHOULD be logged.

**Status**: [Experimental](../document-status.md) - The `LoggerProvider` MUST
compute the relevant [LoggerConfig](#loggerconfig) using the

> configured [LoggerConfigurator](#loggerconfigurator), and adjust
> the `Logger`'s behavior to conform to the `LoggerConfig`.

Reviewer: (attempting to avoid the word "adjust" since it sounds like mutating)
```suggestion
configured [LoggerConfigurator](#loggerconfigurator), and create
a `Logger` whose behavior conforms to that `LoggerConfig`.
```

that `Logger` instances have a reference to their `LoggerProvider` and access
configuration only via this reference.

#### LoggerConfigurator

**Status**: [Experimental](../document-status.md)

A `LoggerConfigurator` is a function which computes

> the [LoggerConfig](#loggerconfig) for a [Logger](#logger).

Reviewer: `LoggerConfigurator` sounds like something that accepts a `Logger` instance (but I'm ok with it if we can't find anything better)

Author: What did you think of these comments on the subject of naming?
- https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3877#issuecomment-1966815547
- https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3877#pullrequestreview-1924579210

The function MUST accept the following parameter:

* `logger_scope`:
  The [`InstrumentationScope`](../glossary.md#instrumentation-scope) of
  the `Logger`.

The function MUST return the relevant `LoggerConfig`, or some signal indicating
that the [default LoggerConfig](#loggerconfig) should be used. This signal MAY
be nil, null, empty, or an instance of the default `LoggerConfig` depending on
what is idiomatic in the language.

This function is called when a `Logger` is first created, and for each
outstanding `Logger` when a `LoggerProvider`'s `LoggerConfigurator` is
updated (if updating is supported). Therefore, it is important that it returns
quickly.

`LoggerConfigurator` is modeled as a function to maximize flexibility.
However, implementations MAY provide shorthand or helper functions to
accommodate common use cases:

> * Select one or more loggers by name, with exact match or pattern matching.

Reviewer: I didn't quite follow this one, is this the meaning?

```suggestion
* Enable one or more loggers by name, with exact match or pattern matching.
```

Author: The function accepts an instrumentation scope and returns the relevant logger. The other examples are the complete picture: select this and configure with that. This is giving an example of a helper function that is only related to selecting particular instrumentation scopes, without saying what you do with the ones you select. This is future looking to scope configs having more properties than just enabled / disabled. In this world, you probably want general helper functions for selecting which are decoupled from the config you apply. I.e. imagine wanting to use wildcard to select loggers by name and enable / disable, OR using wildcard to select loggers by name and setting a severity level.

## Logger

**Status**: [Experimental](../document-status.md) - `Logger` MUST behave

> according to the [LoggerConfig](#loggerconfig) computing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
according to the [LoggerConfig](#loggerconfig) computed
```
